### *1. [20 points] Write a short narrative description of each file we have given you (about 150~300 words). Be sure to remark on the overall quality of the data (are there errors, missing values, etc.), the contents of each data file, and any data which overlaps between files.*

#### File A: `.txt`
This file pertains details about the inventory details at the car dealership. This `.txt` file has information on the car prices, Serial Number (probably VIN - using context), engine type, color of car, number wheel drive, number of doors, etc. It  has details on the car and nothing about the customers that are buying them. The file is organized using lines, tabs and/or spaces to separate information from each other. 

However, when viewing the file, it is a little confusing as the values are a tab away from each other but not all values are equal in size, so it shifts some of the lines and makes it look as if there are misplaced data values. There are no headings classifying the actual categories of the data (i.e. there is no header that says 'VIN' or 'Car Type'). It also looks like the value for car price is in quotes - which from inference, can mean that it is a string rather than an integer or double value (i.e. '$26,000' vs 26000). Having this value be an integer would be easier to parse and requires one less step to read the value of it. This is the same for number of doors. 


#### File B `.csv`
This `.csv` file has tables set up describing the customer by name, address, sale date and whether they are a repeated customer or not. This file is very well organized as there is a header for each column, and there is an ID number that helps separate values. You can easily decipher optional values in the directory such as Discount, TradeIn, and RepeatCustomer. 

A big issue with this file is the lack of consistency with the other paired files. You can see that there is information missing that is clearly defined in the File C such as with customer with ID 9 and 10 - there is no country associated with it. On top of that, some are missing states but have the country and some cars don't have MSRP which is a very important aspect of the car. The dates of the car aren't consistent as it shows someone purchasing a 2020 car in 2019. 

There are some things that a human being can decipher based on context, like the 'Year' Column. Since that column is adjacent to the Car Model, a human can assume that the year is discussing the make year of the car rather than the sale year. 

It seems like this file is well done at first glance but an in depth search shows errors with consistency of data (which is the most important issue here) and lack of detailed information. 

#### File C: `.docx`
This `.docx` file has information about the customer and nothing linking them to the car. This file only has details about the customer's name and address, and whether or not they require financing. This form for the data is not ideal as some of the information is hard to ascertain, for example, the lingering letter off of the name. After reading a few names, it could be understood that it is the middle name of the customer. Because there are no headers, you can't immediately decipher what the information is telling you. Additionally, the optional entry 'Needs financing', 'Needs loan', etc. is not very well laid out because the entries are stacked up vertically rather than horizontally. However, since there are only a maximum of 6 entries (Name, Address, City, Zip, Profession, Financing Information) the data is easy to understand. This format would not be very easy to read when data is scaled. 

File B seems to have combined the unique aspects of both File C (Customer Description) and File A (Car Details). This file combines information provided in both file A and C: Address and Name of customer, and VIN and other car information. 
